Add changelog entry for auto convert variables (#329)
vellum-ai/vellum-client-generator: fern/docs/content/change-log/2024-07.mdx

title: Changelog | July, 2024
---

## Auto-Conversion to Variable Chips on Paste
July 30, 2024

> Building on our recent update that introduced [prompt variable chips](https://docs.vellum.ai/changelog/2024/july#prompt-variable-chips), we've enhanced the user experience by adding an automatic conversion feature. Now, when you paste a variable within the prompt editor, it is seamlessly transformed into a chip. This improvement ensures consistency and efficiency, reducing manual formatting and potential errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Building on our recent update that introduced [Prompt Variable Chips](https://docs.vellum.ai/changelog/2024/july#prompt-variable-chips), we've improved the experience by adding support for copy/pasting variables across blocks of different types. Now, when you copy text that includes a `{{ my_var }}` variable reference from a Jinja block and paste it into a Rich Text block, it's seamlessly converted into a variable chip.
```
